Non toxic 

Yo bitch Ja Rule is more succesful then you'll ever be whats up with you and hating you sad mofuckas...i should bitch slap ur pethedic white faces and get you to kiss my ass you guys sicken me. Ja rule is about pride in da music man. dont diss that shit on him. and nothin is wrong bein like tupac he was a brother too...fuckin white boys get things right next time.,

 Recently, a different usage of the word gay has appeared in Australian English. In addition to the earlier meaning of gay being ‘happy’, ‘carefree’ and ‘frivolous’ (1st meaning), and to a later meaning of gay being synonymous with ‘homosexual’ (2nd meaning), it appears that gay is now being understood by young people to mean ‘stupid’, ‘lame’ or ‘boring’, as in ‘That shirt is so gay’, or ‘How gay is that?’ (3rd meaning). Two studies were performed to ascertain who is aware of this new meaning of gay within contemporary Australian society (Study 1) and to examine the 3rd meaning in more detail, by focussing on how young people from Canberra (Australia), aged 18–30, currently understand the word gay (Study 2)



 my comments follow, bluewillow991967 - 

 I'm sorry if I wasn't sufficiently clear.  

 On the specific subject of """"first serial"""" versus """"reprints"""" I have an interest because I write commercial fiction for a living. 

 I'm not saying a contract would contain a """"non-standard definition"""" of first serial, original, or reprint. 

 I'm saying that you quite clearly do not understand the *standard* definitions in publishing commercial fiction of first serial, original, and reprint. 

 """"Is"""" means the same thing in plain English as it does in intellectual property terminology. """"Reprint,"""" """"original"""" and """"first serial"""" mean much more specific things in intellectual property terminology than they do in colloquial English. 

 It may well be suitable to call a female crotch a vagina in a personal blog, but in an encyclopedia article talking about female genitalia, it matters that the colloquially used term is factually incorrect and the correct terminology should be used. If the correct terminology would be confusing to readers, then a hyperlink to a correct definition may be in order. 

 You are, by analogy, effectively insisting that a set of labia is a vagina. 

 (Sorry, clearest example I could think of where the commonly accepted vernacular term shouldn't be used in an encyclopedia article because it's wrong.) 
